Write on the home pictures: “Advancing social development and empowering African grassroots communities through youth-led empowerment, inclusive governance and advocacy.” 

- About Us:

Founded in 2017, Connected Youth for Accountability, Peace and Development Initiative (YAPD4Africa) is a well- known youth-led nonprofit and civic society organization, whose dedicated mission is to build strong people and sustainable communities in Africa. Our primary focus is to empower people with the right knowledge and skills to advocate for their rights and community development across the continent through our various homegrown initiatives and projects.

- Mission:
Build strong people and sustainable communities in Africa.

- Vision:
We envision a world where people are empowered to drive sustainable social development, even in the most remote areas of the globe.

- Our Core Values:
	Innovation.
	Teamwork Ethic.
	Gender inclusivity.
	Transparency and Accountability.
	Commitment and making Difference.  
	Collaboration and Partnership.

- Our Objective:
	Increase people's participation in lifelong skill opportunities, sustainable development, good governance and access to information.
	Advocate for better policies, public accountability, civic participation and social development.
	Advocate for gender equality especially in achieving and promoting girls and women rights at all levels.
	Develop innovative platforms for learning and addressing social, environmental and governance issues.
	Promote peace, social rights, justice and strong institutions for all.

- Our Core Focus Areas: 
	Civic Engagement.
	Community Development.  
	Policy Advocacy.
	Empowerment.

- Our Approach:
At YAPD4Africa, we believe that the success of a community is linked to the well- being of each and every individual. So we deploy the CARE-SD strategy approach for our general engagement to identify pressing local needs, develop community-led solutions for sustainable impact and help these individuals reach their full potential through:
Community Engagement: We engage with local leaders, women and young people at the grassroots level to listen, understand and learn from their social experiences, gaining better sustainable solutions. This process involves carrying our beneficiaries along, engaging with them to enhance accessibility, amplify our work, promote acceptance and ensure the sustainability of our projects.
Advocacy: In the communities we work, we advocate for and support policy-making that improves the lives of children, women and young people, addressing their rights, needs and development as citizens. We aim to influence policies that give these highly vulnerable groups better opportunities, promoting a more equitable society.
Research: Our social impact projects and homegrown initiatives are evidence-based, informed by research studies. We conduct surveys, focus groups, and interviews, soliciting community views and experiences in their own words, allowing them to share their stories. We implement projects based on accurate, community-researched data, ensuring our work aligns with the needs of our beneficiaries.
Empowerment: We create inclusive environments where everyone can participate and contribute especially in decision-making processes. We provide comprehensive training, capacity building and programs that empower women and young people, enabling them to take charge of their community development.
Strategic Partnerships: In the communities we work that need it most, we forge meaningful partnerships with national and international organizations to provide immediate support in education, health and WASH facilities, failing gaps before government interventions. 
Digital Campaigns: We leverage social media and digital platforms to amplify the voices of marginalized communities, raise awareness on critical issues and mobilize support for our advocacy efforts.
- Our Impact:
	30,000+ lives reached and impacted.
	100+ communities reached. 
	$25,000+ raised for activities and projects.
	60,000+ globally reached through different media platforms. 
	30+ countries recognized YAPD4Africa globally.


- Recently Update: 
Check out, YAPD4Africa is mentioned among the 10 selected organizations from the 3rd Call for Proposals of WYDE Civic Engagement Project: https://www.alda-europe.eu/meet-the-10-selected-organisations-from-the-3rd-call-for-proposals-of-the-wyde-civic-engagement-project/ 
- Donors and Partners: 
(The logo will be share with you).
- Contact Us:
Email: yapd2020@gmail.com
Phone: +2348167185897.
Address: Hayin Banki Kaduna North, Kaduna State, Nigeria. 
- Social Media:
Instagram:
https://instagram.com/yapd_4africa?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA== 
Twitter: 
https://x.com/yapd4africa?s=21 
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/YAPD4Africa?mibextid=9R9pXO 
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/youth-awareness-for-peace-and-development/ 
